my son was a deeply deeply disturbed
person how can I explain to you how
dangerous he was no not was yes she's
not a cop
she doesn't need evidence doesn't need
facts all she needs is a murder site and
a body that's all we have special agent
Scott there hasn't been a murder like
this in years
smashing of the face and the cutting off
the hands it's the sexual element
it's what turns him on that's James
Costa he claims he's so most of what
happens look I'm doing my best here that
that man's face was half gone I saw the
man who did this okay I saw him and I
can show you what he looks like
could that be your son it could be but
my son died 19 years ago taking lives
that's what Martin Asher's been doing
for almost 20 years
his first victim he covered it up with a
car accident to fake his own death and
then he took the boy's identity
he's like a hermit crab he outgrows one
shell and he starts looking for a new
one Tim oh these men have something in
common
simply a life different from his own he
knows that I'm cooperating with the
police the bait always dies it is our
best shot at catching this
my phone is a very dangerous man how did
you tell the police about me exam and
for all these fun games we've been
playing all this time that I've put
under
you know something
something terrible is going to happen
you